hey guys welcome to film recap today i'm
going to show you a 2014 horror action
film titled dracula untold prepare for
spoilers ahead in the early 15th century
the turkish sultan invaded transylvania
to a mason army from 1 000 boys as his
soldiers attacked the kingdom the young
prince latteps also known as vlad the
impaler son of the dragon slaughtered
the turks one by one soon he would
become known to the world as dracula
the film opens where vlad and his
comrades come across a helmet from a
turkish scout near river he fears that
the turks are advancing toward
transylvania once more captain petra
notices the helmet has claw marks on it
with two other men vlad climbs the
broken tooth mountain to find a cave
where many other pieces of armor with
slash marks are thrown all over the
place surrounded by the bones of other
men from the shadows the creature stalks
the men and then attacks the two men
before trying to get vlad vlad slashes
at the creature with his sword holding
it back the creature growls a vlad
showing his soulless yellow eyes before
retreating into the shadows vlad
consults a friend brother lucian over
the nature of this beast lucian tells
lad this particular creature is a
vampire it was said to have been a man
that made a deal with the creature like
itself turning it into a monster that
lures men and feeds on them waiting for
the one that will set him free vlad
returns home to castle dracula to his
wife marina and son and jers both of
them are happy to see him and are glad
he continues to keep their family and
the kingdom safe
during a feast a turkish emissary hamza
bay arrives with a message from the
sultan m2 vlad gives hamza and his men
many silver coins and sends them away
before leaving hamza tells ladd and
everyone else that mem has demanded 1
000 boys for his own army everyone is
outraged and marina fears her own boy
will be among those chosen the other
trucks taunt the transylvanians with
this vlad goes to the turkish camp to
negotiate with mend vlad offers to hand
himself over believing himself to be
worth more than one thousand boys but
member fuses and orders the boys to come
to him along with vlad's own son vlad
and his family are escorted to meet with
hamza and other turks to hand injuries
over vlad walks with his boy over to
hamza seemingly ready to surrender but
vlad whispers to endures run to your
mother now injures runs and vlad grabs
his sword chopping off hamza's arms and
then slashing his face with ease and
rapid movement vlad kills the rest of
the turks fearing a brutal retaliation
from mend vlad returns to broken tooth
to seek out the creature this master
vampire presents himself to vlad sensing
that he has come with hope and asks why
he would do that vlad says he is
desperate and that he wants to become a
monster to fight back against his
enemies the master vampire warns vlad
that he can grant him this power but you
must resist urge to feed off blood for
three days and then he will regain his
mortality he sinks his teeth into his
wrist pouring his blood into a shell for
vlad to drink vlad downs it and then
asks
what now
you die
flat collapses and later wakes up lying
on rocks by the river he sees his skin
starting to burn off then he presses
down on a rock and crushes it he now has
heightened senses and is able to sense
the motions of all the creatures in the
woods
[Music]
vlad also finds that he is able to fly
away in the form of a flock of bats sure
enough the turks begin launching their
attack on transylvania vlad returns to
the castle and dons a black cloak the
soldier began marching ahead and vlad
takes them all on one by one now moving
faster and stronger than before he is
able to lay waste to the entire army
leaving them all dead in the dirt vlad
orders his people to leave the kingdom
and move toward a monastery where they
may find sanctuary he later begins to
feel an intense thirst for blood he
leaves the sight of his men to avoid
turning on them he joins mourinho in a
tent and they begin to kiss vlad takes
his shirt off and marina feels his back
and notices lat's battle scars are no
longer there the thirst only builds his
vlad senses mourinho's jupiter vein
forcing him to pull back from the
intimacy he leaves her again later at
night while walking through the woods a
man comes by vlad with a knife the man
knows what kind of creature vlad has
become and he cuts his hand spilling his
blood in a cup for vlad to drink vlad
throws the cup out of his hands the man
retreats referring to vlad as his master
vlad sees the blood on the ground and
kneels as though he will drink it but he
holds back yet again memd and his men
move closer to reaching the
transylvanians they come across the
battlefield to find mem's captain laying
before the corpses of the turkish
soldiers mounted on spears the
transylvanians walk through the woods
again only to get ambushed by another
group of turks vlad morphs into his
platform and swoops in to attack the
turks pedro protects mourinho and
injures two trucks corner them by the
edge of a cliff petra stands before
marina and injures to defend them but he
is slashed in the stomach vlad comes in
just in time to push the turk over the
edge he goes to his comrade side as he
dies marina becomes suspicious about
what vlad has become he cuts open the
tent to bring in sunlight and show his
skin burning to her he assures her that
he made this steel to protect her and
their son she accepts this the people
also begin to talk and spread word of
what they fear the vlad has become so
men go to confront him followed by
lucian holding his sword and offering to
kill vlad and spare him his eventual
fate vlad refuses and lucian cuts the
tent open to let in the sunlight flat
skin begins to burn off again exposing
him to the transylvanians who run away
in fear the men begin to throw fire at
the tent with lads still inside even as
marina screams for them to realize he is
trying to help him moments later vlad
emerges from the flames with his skin
healing he also the people that he did
what he did to protect them and that is
why they are beating the turks an even
larger number of turks begin marching
toward the transylvanians just as the
dawn begins to rise before vlad loses
his power with the people now standing
behind him vlad summons an enormous
flock of bats and manipulates them to
fly in and attack the turks with a wave
of his hand he delivers a powerful blow
to the soldiers he clenches his fist and
slams down onto the concrete sending
another pounding to the turks vlad flies
in himself to finish off named while a
couple of soldiers infiltrate his
sanctuary vlad throws one man off his
horse thinking him to be named but it
isn't the soldiers find marina and
injures one man punches marina in the
stomach and pushes her over the edge
leaving her hanging while they abduct
carrying mourinho's call flat flies back
to rescue her the one soldier that took
injuries gets away but black kills the
other however he is too late to save
mourinho as she folds over the edge vlad
jumps after her but fails to rescue her
she hits the ground before injuries eyes
flat tries to revive her but knowing her
time is up mourinho allows flat to drink
her blood so that he may have a chance
to save their son vlad reluctantly bites
into mourinho's neck and drinks ensuring
his power is now permanent vlad then
finds the remaining transylvanians and
allows them to drink his blood he then
takes out an armor that he hopes to
never bring out again one with a dragon
image engraved in it at the turkish army
camp injuries is brought to an end vlad
and the now vampirized transylvanians
attacked the forces feeding on their
blood and massacring them vlad makes his
way into mem's tent where silver coins
are spread everywhere to play on vlad's
weakness to silver flat takes out his
sword and fights mim-man to man mem
proves to be tough to beat as he keeps
throwing silver coins in vlad's face he
overpowers him and throws him hard to
the ground mem grabs a stake and gets
ready to stab vlad through the heart
saying this is an unfortunate end for
vlad the impaler they struggle as the
stake is right over vlad's heart but
vlad morse into his bat form and takes
the stake from mend turning it on him
and impaling him he said that is no
longer my name
my name is dracula
he bites into mem's neck and drains him
of his blood injuries runs to his father
although the turks are now vanquished
the transylvanians plot to finish their
thirst by taking injuries one man kaizen
tries to make the first move against the
boy dracula grabs a wooden stake and
impales kazan causing him to rot and
decay into nothing but a skeleton the
other transylvanians advance toward
dracula and in jairus and solution
intervenes and holds cross against them
dracula lets lucian take in jairus to be
safe and telling his boy he loves him
injuries hugs his father one last time
as dracula parts the clouds and lets the
sun hit him and the transylvanians
burning them until they are all dead
including himself and jerez is crowned
the new prince of transylvania elsewhere
the man from the woods revives dracula
by feeding him his own blood injera
senses that his father may yet still be
out there somewhere we jump to the
present day dracula is able to welcoming
the people he sees a woman in town that
looks exactly like marina dracula
introduces himself as lad and the woman
says her name is mina the two walk away
together unaware that the master vampire
now reverted to his human form is
watching from afar he gets up and
follows them lettering to himself let
the games begin
[Music]
you